I see you on the social media with your
gaming rigs you don't know how to stay
humble but I do and it's all thanks to
my friend Amed from ABK case his humble
computer cases will take your ego from
Elon Musk to Keanu Reeves in two weeks
flat or your money back but what exactly
is humble about this I mean he certainly
isn't referring to the Quality at $330
it's among the price here options for
cases but it looks and feels topnotch
deserving of the premium and besides if
you don't have that kind of money his
store features a wide variety of designs
for as low as
$110 I mean pretty good for a smalltime
entrepreneur and a local metal shop
taking on the big players in the case
Market maybe that's what he
means so you just stand there mute I
guess okay he says his cases are
handmade and powdercoated and unlike
some random drop shipper I was not able
to find his product on AliExpress and he
has hundreds of satisfied customers if
his Etsy reviews are anything to go by
so I can't wait to build my humblest
computer ever starting with these
goldplated fittings these look sick but
they don't really say humble do they no
but neither is this segue to our sponsor
ug green with its 12 gen Intel processor
expandable 8 gigs of ddr5 memory
integrated AI smart assistant and more
there's a lot to love about their Nas
sync dxp 6800 Pro stay tuned to learn
more or check it out at the link in the
video
[Music]
description our relationship with a got
off to a bit of a rocky start when we
overpaid for our humble Case by about
$50 on eBay when we reached out to him
through Etsy and asked hey what the heck
is up with that he explained that that's
just because of eBay's higher seller
fees since we were in contact we
followed up with hey who the heck are
you and why are you making these cases
and the story is fascinating he let us
know that he currently operates in a
small machine shop in Turkey where he's
been making his own PC cases for about
four years now in that time ABK has
expanded their lineup to include
wall-mounted cases like this one and
even some open concept desktop cases the
configuration we went with includes two
large cutouts on the top for radiators
as well as well I don't want to spoil it
let's show you guys how it goes together
we're going to kick things off with this
Maximus z790 hero motherboard from Asus
which comes in at a modest
$550 not quite 1%er yet no but you're
definitely in the single
digits look In fairness to us AMT says
this computer was I quote made to hang
computer parts on the wall and enjoy a
magnificent view well gosh darn it if
that's what it was made for then EK did
the right thing hooking us up with all
these goldplated fittings I'm going to
stop you right there lonus uh we
recorded this video a few weeks ago and
used a bunch of parts from Ek since
filming there have been allegations of
mistreatment from ek's staff and our
friends in the industry we hope we can
remove this disclaimer in the future but
now back to the video bo boy did they
ever sent a lot though we're going to
use as many as we can no bends no B
every Bend Will Be A fitting we're going
to be scuba diving safe okay cuz we're
not going to get the
bends it's a scuba diving illness don't
worry about it it doesn't have it's not
funny then stop saying them
never oh shoot is that a GPU block
that's a mono block baby wait for what
the motherboard well you also have a CPU
block yeah you get to pick I think we
should go mono block okay we were going
to go with a core I9 139900 K 8
performance course 16 e course boost
clocks of up to 5.8 GHz but then we
thought that's not humble no so instead
we've gone with the
14900 KS the fastest chip in Intel's
lineup it turbos to over 6 gahz under
extremely specific
circumstances this is not nearly as
monol blocky as I was expecting it to be
in the old days you'd have motherboard
monol blocks that covered the whole
fraking thing including the chipset and
whatever uh this is just the CPU and vrm
so this is not too much work to install
what stop you're going to break the
board I am so confused right now look H
goes down on a threaded nut oh get the
nutshot
or if this goes well maybe I'll Water
cool my computer for my AMD upgrade no I
forbid it why I got drawn you
didn't did you really
there we go
beautiful
just look at us screwing
together sorry does this go here no
where here no here boom done no oh isn't
that worth the install of the mono block
oh yeah it looks great oh my God look at
how blinged out these ones are didn't
you tell me that some of these are like
fake ones yeah the Chrome ones they're
just dummy sticks oh but we wanted the
visuals of the Chrome we're still going
with 2 48 gig sticks here I believe
they're at 6,800 megga transfers per
second so these are some pretty fast 48
gig sticks then yes they are there's a
good time to point out the tolerances
cuz sometimes these Indie like case
manufacturers can really struggle with
getting all the tolerances lined up so
be interesting to see how the
motherboard screws down not
great look at this one oh wow yeah it's
pretty crooked also I couldn't help
noticing that these standoffs are so
short that the back plate actually kind
of interferes with them there's a bit of
a spring action here wait I have a
question for you how did we not go with
gskill Trident Z Royal they haven't made
DDR 5 yet really yeah they've only made
the ddr4 kits oh cuz that would have
been the humblest of all memory you
could have actually gotten it like gold
to match the fittings everyone knows
that the Royals are known for their
humility you're going to notice we have
two ssds here lus humble yeah reason
being is one we wanted one that we could
water cool obviously to match the theme
humble but number two we couldn't
actually put it in of these SSD slots
because when we Mount our riser to our
GPU it would block right so we're going
to put our water cooled SSD down here
and then our high capacity humble SSD up
at the top here nice yeah I'm putting on
the power button right now things are a
little DIY but I I like the
style yeah it's pretty cool on on that
would be on off on off on off on off on
off and off on off and off off and off
and off and off and off and off off off
off the next day now would you look at
this it looks great but are you pumped
not yet are you I see where you're going
with this stupid joke I think this is
going to look absolutely sick between
this gorgeous Quantum surface radiator
from Ek and wow is that a nice looking
res pump combo it actually fits in the
radiator slot this is going to be as
humble as a computer could possibly be
we've even gone with the humblest of
fans in the wrong
size damn are they I mean are they 120
mm cuz those look like awfully large
boxes for 120
mil that's okay making mistakes is how
we stay
humble are they small and they just come
in really big boxes I'm hoping maybe
they just have the humblest boxes can't
just call everything humble yes oh they
are okay oh I was really worried wow
these are heavy they're solid metal
orientation wise I'm kind of
feeling fan cables down do these oh they
got daisy chain oh sweet not as elegant
as the Le and Le's it's just with a
cable essentially but it still looks
really clean speaking of which though uh
I'm a little concerned about the air
flow behind the case if we either have
to push or suck through so I did bring
three more fans that we could put Push
Pull config to help lift this radiator
just a little bit more more um if you
think it's needed I don't think we need
it then let's not do it we've got all
this ventilation all around here some
even at the top here and you would be
surprised how little space a fan
actually needs above it to suck and
blow air so I'm thinking we're going to
go pushing air in it's not ideal for
maintenance but it looks better and
what's more humble than doing whatever
it takes to look better that does look
beautiful yeah well no beautiful is not
quite the right word um what's the word
I'm looking for humble
humble so on the ABK website in the area
up here where we're putting our RADS
they actually just had this like acrylic
panel here that wasn't full of anything
it had no liquid had no tube Outlets oh
that's his whole new thing he's got an
acrylic cutter now and he's going to
make his own Reservoir yeah I think
that's what it's teasing but he doesn't
yet doesn't yet so we thought we'd put
this in one of these spots but the
problem as you'll notice the pump kind
of oh would hit the wall so we actually
stole some standoff so we got a dry wall
saw we did not cut a hole to make roof
in the wall no I mean that's kind of an
Elijah solution what we actually ended
up doing was we took these standoffs
we're going to use these to help prop
this up so that way our pump doesn't end
up hitting the wall we ended up going
with this pre-water block 490 from Ino
3D called the eye chill frostbite it's
got 24 gigs of vram it's flipping fast
it's super clean looking H well it's a
little dirty but it's got a clean look
to it for mounting we're going to need a
couple of brackets oh where are the
brackets oh you have brackets this is
the support bracket cuz it's going to
have some sag on it sure is wow is that
ever heavy to get the pcie bracket
they're actually installed on the
underside of this case oh good how
convenient
yeah this is where all the extra
mounting hardare is for all the stuff
these are the post for the plexiglass
the power supply mhm mhm it's all just
screwed into the back here neat nice now
does it come with a pcie riser or do we
just BYO BYO we had to bring our own not
great for the price crap this Riser so
long no no that's fine cuz here's what
we're going to do okay uh just leave it
okay y oh yeah see not so bad we'll just
kind of flatten a little bit back there
so go ahead and plug that into the
bottom of the card and okay I'll just
take up whatever extra slack we have
okay stop
yeah
okay stop you have it lined up how are
you not able to put it in I don't know
oh I didn't uncp the PCI clip
okay oh shoot what we didn't put the SAG
bracket on first why we need to why we
can get in there just give it a little
no stop oh my God is uh that supposed to
happen when you're screwing something in
I don't think so is the other half in
there oh yeah no no
we're just going to turn it into a 632
hole we're just going to drive that in
there and it broke off no no no after
just half a dozen extra steps we're back
to where we started with an M3 threaded
hole I do take shortcuts sometimes and
sometimes they end up being long cuts
but you know what are we having fun
exactly no I'm actually asking are are
we having fun
exactly
nice I do want to check out the power
supply at some point but I want to
figure out our Loop order
first
yes yeah sure okay we've gone with the
RG Thor 1600 watt titanium and I know
what you guys are thinking 80 plus
titanium efficiency a 10-year warranty
that's not humble but don't worry we've
got a plan we've replaced the stock
cables with these gold and silver cable
mod ones with their Pro Series cable
Combs humble oh my God come
on just it's too shy and humble can't
just call every part humble yes I can
when you're humble like me you can do
whatever you want it's actually kind of
funny that we started out building a
humble computer and it built a humble
us so this is why I always come back to
water cooling it's a pain in the butt
like this is going to look really good I
know right and humble do you know how
much these fittings
cost would you like to
know I would guess a humble $12 each
damn bang on really yeah they're $12
each I'm really good at guessing this
kind of thing it's one of my most humble
skills I think we're going to have to do
some
bends I don't think there's any avoiding
it yeah a I think we should do a 90 here
okay then a fitting okay then a straight
then a 90 here then a Bend okay that's
the way okay yes Dad I prefer Papa I've
told you that no you've actually said
you prefer Daddy but I have said neither
of those things we're joking yeah you're
a kid to me so calling him dad's
appropriate then mhm I prefer Daddy no
yes
daddy wait you have to put fittings in
this yeah I thought the two that's why I
said like this this this and this was
going to be a bit much that looks
amazing okay that's that's going to be a
long run that might that run might be
too long right there in the middle of
the
span so
dumb oh wait there's one thing I
forgot this not humble can you get me a
more humble sop fitting
please want to learn to bend tubes sure
I guess we are now let do it let's do it
so what we want to do is we want to heat
up the tube kind of evenly around not
just in one spot because then things get
a little
kinky oh yes okay two things one do not
lose any of these O-rings okay it will
leak all over the place big mess
everyone dies number two you got to note
the depth that it goes into the fitting
okay there see that now it's in oh okay
so now noting how deep it goes into the
fitting we got to figure
out where we want to cut it off to in
order to achieve the height that we want
got
it collar goes there so this is a
potential problem when you have really
short runs the collar can't really sit
on the bent part cuz it's not round
anymore so realistically about there is
about as short as you can reasonably go
okay there you go you did your first
Hardline run I mean you did it yeah you
in the sense that like you were there
okay it's like working with Dad you know
yes oh whoops sorry Dad this extension
is so
stupid it's a $30 bling
attachment humility attachment oh sorry
stay humble all right you B on it this
time sure it's time oh
shoot your going like a sag because it's
so heavy look at that run though okay is
that sick or what God I can't believe
how humble this computer is what is this
what's what why aren't they the same
height doesn't
matter once again this PC has now
claimed three people it's making humble
I feel very humble right now there you
go wiring is complete almost what are
you doing well I need the STA power for
the pump that is not a humble cable I
don't know where the rest of the cables
went close your
eyes search for your inner
humility and the cable location will
reveal itself to
you okay open your
eyes do you see it no oh okay I'm
calling that good enough which one oo I
know this should be a little shorter o
it's pretty obvious yeah all right fine
yeah I got to take this off I would say
acknow in your own stupidity pretty very
humble yeah damn
it okay go do writer me no I want to
finish this run how about you do this
one Elijah okay so basically it goes up
and over so you can use this piece for
that just put a Bend right in the middle
okay and then just adjust your length
until you're high enough to make it over
to here with a Bend that's going to be
the Saga you guys Elijah doing one Bend
in this machine well two yes okay why do
you why is that tube so short cuz he I'm
doing just a little Bend here yeah you
okay so if you do it with a really short
tube you're going to make it really hard
on yourself cuz this is the one you told
it's going to be very hard to not heat
the entire okay okay okay the one he
told me to use here let's use this one
this will be ow it's hot and then you
just do a
little cool here blow on
it you never done this before have you
no
all right let's pull this sucker ow it's
really hot I swear there's a reason we
keep him
around that's pretty cash money right
there you know what it's a it's a little
high but I think I'm okay with it oh
it's too short proud of you Elijah is
what I would say if I was proud of you
oh my God I am really nervous about
doing this Bend does that look good
Glenn what do you think
Buddy wow no response thanks okay I'm
really confident now cool that's not
terrible it's not terrible oh look at
this look at
this this looks sick he still doesn't
get it sorry what am I missing you're
not being humble oh
God if you're doing this at home kids
put paper towel around the areas you
want to protect we can lay this back
down be watching for leaks Elijah what
the hell what the I'm trying to plug in
the fans no we can't lay back down we
can't fill it like that hit the power
switch and then we turn it on and hope
that nothing
explodes look at that
humility
okay it's the humblest of computers it
has a no working power button did it
accidentally get unplugged no
unfortunately the wires that are inside
that little connector didn't get folded
correctly so the connector started
sliding off when we tried shoving it
back on it just fell apart okay so we
have found a couple of quality issues as
we've made our way through the build but
the good good news is that we have a
humble motherboard with a humble power
button right there and that's no harder
to reach than that if we're being
realistic this is up there my man it
looks well it's not up there yet we're
going to put it up there on the wall yes
we are oh that looks sick does it leak
no I don't see anything I mean I hope
wow that looks flipping awesome okay so
Elijah is this the part where we fix
Jake's nonsense on this run here it's
too long here and too long here comes
off the thing like
that do you want to judge my two bends
I'd love to this one and this one that
is really wow what what a radius you've
got there yeah to be fair I have no
excuse it was it was my first
Bend guys you got one word to describe
this computer what is it humble see
what's one word for black and
gold um brilliant I don't know we need a
desk yeah we'll drag a desk in after oh
okay is that what makes the setup humble
there's no desk or no it's made to look
at not to game on right now normally oh
you'll actually notice there's three
almost like nail cut outs as if you were
to like hang it like a picture frame
right I didn't trust that on our fake
Studio walls right that's fair so I had
Logistics Mount this piece of 2x4 that's
got a little slit in it yeah so we're
going to give that a go
one thing we didn't um anticipate you
can see the wood right
through oops oh
yes
wow don't draw attention to it it's good
it's good we got to fire this up yeah we
do
okay whoa wow that is humble yeah it is
uh oh we need a humble chair oh that one
okay well you have to sit back and
admire it looks so good it's the perfect
angle who needs to look at the monitor
when your PC looks like this let's go I
mean 60 FPS on these settings is pretty
wild dude yeah it's humble time
baby you see these guys dodging into the
car oh wow that one guy ended up under
it and he gets up what a tank are you
kidding me holy humble watch him get up
again he got up again that's not humble
buddy okay how about this guy how about
this guy right here look at this humble
white suit B I love this machine it
definitely needs two RADS and then a
pump res combo right there but I got to
give props to a met the design actually
solid pretty easy to build in pretty
intuitive and while there's definitely
some things that he could do better now
that I got a closer look at the powder
coating job yeah and it could be quite a
lot better overall I kind of love it it
looks really good it's a really great
layout and again they have all the
different layouts as well so if you
don't even want this size they have some
that are about half as big so you can do
like a mini ITX version yeah I mean it
wouldn't be humble but it'd be
something just like this humble segue to
our sponsor you green their nasn dxp
6800 Pro data management solution is
fully loaded with a 12g Intel processor
and 8 gigs of ddr5 memory Expendable to
64 gigs this along with two 10 gig
Network ports and two Thunderbolt 4
ports means this puppy is fast with two
m.2 nvme bays and six SATA drive Bays
you can reach a maximum storage capacity
of 140 tabt and compromise nothing when
it comes to speed and it's easy to
manage your files with their dedicated
Nas app plus their onboard AI makes
reorganizing your photos quicker than
ever even if you're offline you can
search for pictures by text and use
Smart recognition to create photo albums
based on your criteria so check out the
ugreen nas sync dxp 6800 pro at the link
down below and save up to 35% until May
the 9th if you guys enjoyed this video
and you want to see a Hardline tubing
build go not as smoothly why don't you
check out the Pro versus Noob challenge
where I was given a 2hour time limit to
Hardline cool and build a computer also
I was given some defective parts so that
was interesting sorry
Dad it's Daddy oh hey hey you got it on
camera